I find that I have more energy when I exercise , and it 's silly not to , but , it 's just a put off . I do n't know why I do n't do more , and I know that it 's good for my health . I know from everything that you read and you see on television now , exercise is so important to good health . So you 're not only doing something to keep yourself fit , but you 're probably prolonging your life . There 's no reason that we should n't do it .
-- I can hear the accent now I hear the Western Pennsylvania . We lived in Minneapolis for about five years . We originally lived in Dallas and we met and got married in Pittsburgh . That 's not what they want to hear on this call . At any rate my husband was transferred up to Minnesota and now back to Texas with T and we 're leasing a two story town home in a section of Dallas they call North Dallas .
That 's true . We saw HEROES HAVE ALWAYS BEEN COWBOYS , tonight . It was okay , it was kind of slow , and I felt like it kind of got chopped off at the end . One of those movies it 's not going to be around long , it will be a dollar movie in no time .
Well , I heard , that 's the second happiest day of your life The day you sell your boat .
-- about what they do .
No . But my grandparents were looking into it before so I know what they 've said .
and see how that works . An experiment . I 'd like to try something new , every year that , I have n't tried before and , -
# a relationship # with their father , and I # do n't , # think we get into so much of the mother dominating figure , if the father has more input there . # But , I do n't understand why the young girls feel like they have to build roads , and they have to  go out there and shovel that tar and drive those big trucks . And we just recently finished a long drive through the west , a little over five thousand # miles , # and at one point we sat down - I did n't realize it , but I sat at a counter to have a cup of coffee that happened to be for truck drivers only . And here 's this young girl with the tattoos and she had just driven a load of meat from Minneapolis to some place in # Arizona , # and I ask her how old she was and she was between the age of our daughters and she had been driving , a truck for seven years . And I thought , gosh # why # would a woman choose that rough and tumble life - style . I 'm maybe Victorian and my husband is a little bit of a male chauvinist , in that , he 's a very considerate person , but he also thinks a woman should be taken care of and , in the home , and she should vote , but after she talks to her husband about how she ought to vote . # Now it probably # does n't work that way in our household because I have strong opinions about # things , # too , but I like being taken care of . I like my # luggage , # carried and , my door opened , and I think the young women are losing that and I think that 's sad .
Well , you 're not a starving artist , yet , are you ?
Easier targets , and so we did get a petition together and we very strongly resisted it , and it was placed closer to my neighborhood -- -- but it was on the , # right side of the street . #
Not something you 'll be interested in ten years from now by any means . How about you ? I guess in Washington , D C you guys have several papers that are pretty --
I just go out just to enjoy it and not -- -- really spend money sometimes ,


Is that good ? Okay . And I edge it occasionally .
I think that would be kind of drastic punishment .

When you have to look in their eyes and hit them in the head or whatever , that 's what you do with a catfish -- -- because you have to sever their spinal cord .
I grew up in California , and then I went to school in Utah , and I got married there and we stayed there for a while , and now we 're in Iowa
I guess you just have to wonder , who 's supposed to make the change , the state , the federal government , where 's the money supposed to come from .